Various small docs changes (#2753)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/config/safety.md

Battery Emergency Level | [BAT_EMERGEN_THR](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#BAT_EMERGEN_THR) | Percentage capacity for triggering Land (immediately) action.

> ### Manual Control Loss failsafe

Reviewer: I did not know this!

Author: Yes I think we should - fyi @MaEtUgR maybe you could take care of that?

Reviewer: I took a shot at it in https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/22150

> The manual control loss failsafe may be triggered if the RC transmitter link is lost.
> On setups without RC but with joysticks connected over MAVLink, it is triggered if the joysticks are disconnected or the data link is lost.

Reviewer: How about this. My concern is that you can actually have dual connection.

```suggestion
The manual control loss failsafe may be triggered if the connection to the [RC transmitter](../getting_started/rc_transmitter_receiver.md) or [joystick](../config/joystick.md) is lost, and there is no fallback.
If using an [RC transmitter](../getting_started/rc_transmitter_receiver.md) this is triggered if the RC [transmitter link is lost](../getting_started/rc_transmitter_receiver.md#set-signal-loss-behaviour).
If using [joysticks](../config/joystick.md) connected over a MAVLink data link, this is triggered if the joysticks are disconnected or the data link is lost.
```

### RC Loss Failsafe

> The RC Loss failsafe ("Manual control lost") may be triggered if the RC transmitter link is lost.

Author: Adapted it in commit https://github.com/PX4/PX4-user_guide/commit/6546cdf2ee0470f73edb6c03e3a5e61399026985 (and renamed the section to "manual control loss failsafe"

> On setups without RC but with joysticks connected over a data link, it is

Author: Adapted it in commit 6546cdf2ee0470f73edb6c03e3a5e61399026985 (and renamed the section to "manual control loss failsafe"

Parameter | Setting | Description
--- | --- | ---

> <a id="COM_RC_LOSS_T"></a>[COM_RC_LOSS_T](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#COM_RC_LOSS_T) | Manual Control Loss Timeout | Time after RC stops updating supplied data that the RC link is considered lost. This must be kept short because the vehicle will continue to fly using the old RC data until the timeout triggers.

Reviewer: I updated a bit so I could ask this question - is this correct? I mean is this correct and sufficiently generic for both Joystick and RC.

```suggestion
<a id="COM_RC_LOSS_T"></a>[COM_RC_LOSS_T](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#COM_RC_LOSS_T) | Manual Control Loss Timeout | Time after last valid data that the link is considered lost. This must be kept short because the vehicle will continue to fly using the last trusted data until the timeout triggers.
```

Author: I've proposed something else in 2e47be2ddea2dc5b6d7fa63a822af71bf966fcfd

Reviewer: Excellent.

Parameter | Setting | Description
--- | --- | ---

> <a id="COM_RC_LOSS_T"></a>[COM_RC_LOSS_T](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#COM_RC_LOSS_T) | Manual Control Loss Timeout | Time after last setpoint received from the selected manual control source. This must be kept short because the vehicle will continue to fly using the old manual control setpoint until the timeout triggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a id="COM_RC_LOSS_T"></a>[COM_RC_LOSS_T](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#COM_RC_LOSS_T) | Manual Control Loss Timeout | Time after last setpoint received from the selected manual control source after which manual control is considered lost. This must be kept short because the vehicle will continue to fly using the old manual control setpoint until the timeout triggers.
```
